Document missing GA metrics Icinga Alerts (#1512)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/alerts/content-performance-manager-app-healthcheck-not-ok.html.md

review_in: 6 months
---

## Notify Data Informed Content team

Please notify Data Informed Content via Slack `#govuk-data-informed` about the alarm. The product is currently in private beta, so the development team will help solve any issues.

If there is a health check error showing for Content Performance Manager, you can click on the alert to find out more details about what’s wrong. Here are the possible problems you may see:

## ETL :: no daily metrics for yesterday

This means that [the ETL master process][1] that runs daily to retrieve metrics for content items has failed.  

> To fix this problem [Re-run the master process again][1] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this problem [re-run the master process again][1] 
```
Typo

## ETL :: no pviews for yesterday

> This means that the [the ETL master process][1] that runs daily to collect metrics from Google Analytics has failed. In particular, the ETL processor that collects the core metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means the [the ETL master process][1] that runs daily has failed to collect `pageview` metrics from Google Analytics. The issue may originate from the ELT processor responsible for collecting core metrics.
```
Also maybe link to the ETL processor for core metrics.

Reviewer: Then you can remove line 27

Author: > Also maybe link to the ETL processor for core metrics.

I would rather not linking to codebase from the documentation as they might go out of sync.

At least the `page-views` metric for each content item has not been received

To fix this problem run the [following rake task][2]:

```bash
rake etl:repopulateviews[2018-01-01 2018-01-02]
```

## ETL :: no upviews for yesterday

> This means that the [the ETL master process][1] that runs daily to collect metrics from Google Analytics has failed. In particular, the ETL processor that collects the core metrics.

Reviewer: Again maybe follow the same language pattern as above.
